Reviewer 2:

Introduction:

1. Please add a motivation why we want to monitor propagation in the 14MHz band.

New paragraphs added to chapter 3.2 for clarification.

2. Please add references in the introduction.

References were added to the introduction

3. Consider describing DX as a sub-space of the Ham radio hobby.

DXing was added to the introduction.

4. What are the state-of-the-art measurement techniques and their downsides? How does your approach compare to ionosonds, etc.?

The comparison with ionosondes was added to chapter 2.

Background

1. A figure for the sky and ground wave including ionospheric layers would improve the readability. It would make clear what is the skip zone, etc. I would highly recommend adding such a figure. The ARRL has a nice description: HF Propagation: The Basics.

2. Please introduce the concept of the critical angle, as this is important to analyze your dataset.

3. Please motivate why you are choosing ham radio modes that are not continuous transmitting. Would using other transmissions like NDBs from the aerospace improve the predictions?

Architecture

1. Fig. 1 and Fig. 2 are not used in the text. Please mention or erase them.

2. Please be aware that ham radio enthusiasts and researchers have a different understanding of SDR.

3. References are missing for the software and the transceiver.

References to the software and the transceiver were added.

4. What is the IP3 point of the receiver?

Estimated IP3 is added to the article.

Results

1. As a reader, I don't know what All.txt is. Please clarify or erase.

This was clarified.

2. How does the grid square compare to other datasets? Please describe.

3. Hourly distance distribution in winter seems counter-intuitive, as we see no propagation during the night, where the damping is not present. Moreover, why this effect is not visible in the other measurements. I believe this effect is due to the critical angle and varying ionization during the seasons. Please add theoretical background.

4. I believe your dataset shows nicely the multi-hop propagation with the different skip spaces. Please describe them.

5. In Fig. 4-6, bin and the ticks at the y-axis are not inline. Please correct.

Fig. 4-6 were correced.

Summary:

6. Please comment if your data are available to be used in propagation models.

Data Availability Statement with public repository link was added.
